All right.
So we've come full circle and now we're back at the text adventure application that I converted right
at the top of the course and we're going to take a look at the code now that you've watched the videos
hopefully.
And you know a lot more about cotland than you did when you first watch me convert the application.
So we're going to start with the Location class and you'll remember that this class stores information
about a location and this is fairly straightforward.
You now know what a data class is.
I didn't have to make this a data class.
We don't take advantage of any of the free functionality that a data class gives us.
We're not using to string or equals we're not using any of the component end functions because we we
never do structure instances of this class but it is a class that just store state.
And so I think data class is appropriate for this class.
So all we're doing here is declaring the location ID and description properties and then and we're declaring
the exits property inside the class and that makes sense because there's no reason for users of this
class to know how we're implementing exits.
And if we did declare exits up here then the caller would have to pass us the map and again that doesn't
really make a lot of sense.
So we take care of declaring the property and initializing the map inside the class and then as we know
the init block will run after all the properties have been initialized and it's here that we add our
quick direction into our exits map and then we just have the function the ADD exit function that takes
a direction and a destination ID and adds those to the map.
And now you know that you can use the square bracket notation to work with the maps.
But if you use put her get that's just as good remember that you know in Katlin one way isn't better
than the other.
And if you work at a company you may have a style guide that tells you when you're dealing with maps
use the methods or when you're using with maps use the square brackets.
The important thing is to be consistent don't use the methods in one place in a file and square brackets
in another place.
Just be consistent.
OK now let's take a look at the locations class.
This is a class that's a reading in the two data files for this application and this should look really
simple to you now and you should understand this especially since we covered audio not too long ago.
So this code is just using the extension functions that cotland has added to the IO classes.
There's nothing else remarkable here.
This is just an instance of Java IO dot file and then we're using an extension function to create a
reader and another extension function to call the for each line function.
You know when you now understand what it is that in this context each line in the file will be substituted
for it.
So this is really a loop under the covers.
And then here is straightforward we're just creating an instance of location.
And once again we're using the square bracket notation to work with the map here and we're just essentially
creating a map entry and we're doing the exact same thing in follow directions underscore big.
The only wrinkle here is we're using the safe call operator here.
So it's possible if there is you know something wrong in our data files it's possible that we might
have a line in the directions underscore a big T x t file that has a current location that doesn't correspond
to a location in our locations underscore a big text file.
And if that's the case this essentially becomes a no op because if this brings back no nothing's going
to happen.
So if it turns out that we have access directions in our directions file and there are no locations
for them then they just don't get added to the map.
So this is to protect against knowl.
And as we know now the safe call operator will evaluate to know if whatever's on the left hand side
turns out to be No.
And so this whole thing would just evaluate to knowl And essentially it's a no up.
All right.
So that leaves our main file.
Nothing earth shattering going on here except we need to use a VAR here because we reassign it down
here.
So you might have been wondering about that when you first watch me convert the application.
Why is Val here in fire here and what do they mean.
And then the first real funky thing I did was this Elvis operator explained it a little bit when I converted
the code.
But essentially what I'm doing here is once again trying to protect against Nalls because if I don't
use the Alva's operator here if I don't assign a default then everywhere I use location throughout the
rest of this code I'd have to use a safe call operator and I didn't want to do that for two reasons.
First of all it can kind of clutter the code a bit.
And in this case especially in this is the second reason I'm pretty sure we're never going to get Knol
back from here because if read location info executed correctly we didn't get any exceptions thrown
then there's no reason why we should look up a location ID in our map and not get a location instance
because we're the ones that populated this map.
We never in here at a location ID without adding your location in science.
So essentially this should never happen.
We should never get back.
So if we do it for some strange reason we do then something weird has happened.
And in that case we want to just stop the game and that's why I've chosen here to set the default to
a location in that has an ID of an idea of zero.
Because that will cause us to break out of the loop.
And then this is the description and of course that would get printed out here but this should never
happen.
And so I use the Elvis operator so I wouldn't have to use the safe call operator throughout the rest
of the code whenever I use location but there would have been nothing wrong with me doing that.
I didn't have to do this step.
This was just something that I wanted to do if another developer decided that no they would rather just
go ahead and in fact you could go ahead and use locations locate where it would be a little bit more
and efficient because you'd have to do the map look up every time.
But you know it's a small small map in a small application.
So in this case it wouldn't really matter.
But another developer might decide that no they're just going to go ahead and use the save call operator
everywhere part of the reason I did this too was to bring up the Elvis operator when I was converting
the application.
OK so nothing special here.
Nothing special here.
Now you understand what this is doing.
This is one way of writing this loop we could have also written it in a way that structured every map
entry.
And in here you now know what a string template is you know what that dollar sign is doing.
And also in this context it will be each key in the map.
So each key in the map which in this case is our direction letters is going to be substituted in here.
We're using the same call and the Elvis operators again and we know that if this turns out to be normal
on the left hand side that this would evaluate to normal and in that case because now the left hand
side of the Elvis operator would be no ZAGG would be assigned to direction.
So once again I'm just saying here that if this is all assign a default value because I really don't
think it's good form down here to be looking up you know key.
So that was the way I chose to do it.
I know that Zad is going to fail this condition.
And so that would just tell the user you can't go in that direction and we have to pop back around the
loop.
So yeah the final thing we do is nothing special here except for the non-knowledge assertion so we checked
to see if our exits map has that direction whenever the user gave us.
And if it does then we look at the destination ID.
Now I use a not null assertion operator here because as I explained when I was converting the code I
am absolutely sure this is not going to be novel.
I mean we've already checked to see if the exits map contains the key.
And once again we're the ones that populated this map so we know that if there's a key for that direction
there is going to be a non-null location ID there's going to be an entry.
And so I'm confident here using the not the assertion of course every time you use this as the potential
for shooting yourself in the foot but I'm confident that I'm not going to do that here.
Now if I took this away Katlin does complain because in this case it's saying while it is possible because
you are looking something up in a map it is possible you're going to get it all back.
So in this case I decided to solve it this way because I'm confident that this is not going to be no.
And that's it.
I mean we go back to the top.
Rinse and repeat.
So really apart from protecting against Nalls this code is pretty straightforward.
Now it might have looked pretty simple to you when you first saw it maybe for some reason you know a
little bit of color it might have looked really cryptic to you because you've never seen Cartland and
you had no idea what was going on at all with protecting against Nalls and you might have looked at
this and wondered what's going on here.
But hopefully at this point after you've watched the course you can now look at this code and go yeah
this code is really simple code.
I mean this is really straightforward Codling code.
Now this isn't the only way the application could be converted.
This was the way I chose to convert it.
There may be other ways there may be more concise ways of converting the application but this is the
way that I chose to do it.
I was kind of trying to strike a balance between staying similar to what Java was doing that also sneaking
in some Katlin features that you probably hadn't seen before.
All right.
So that's our post course review of the converted application.
I'll see you in the next video.